The Golden Week Special Race Kyushu, which celebrates the 12th race of the championship race
The course has moved since the sports cup pit out
Whether from looking out to the effect once out of the No. 3 boat of facing out in front with
The course now has 346 such as 346 outside the line
Golden Week Special Race Kyushu Sports Cup Championship
It is Sakaya Akasaka of Takashu No. 1 boat in Saa City.
Such rebuilding I notice and the series was still ace Akasaka was led to if 2
Port of call to Course 2 boat
Akasaka and the Land Finals enhance each other and can not be defeated
Let's take on the challenge 3 courses Invasion is the fifth boat Yutaro Shimosu
From the outer frame to the Center 3 course It is an effect farewell 4 course throw of No. 3 boat
Omura has not won yet Will it be the first time to defeat the local team
And rush tax says corner strawberry course No. 4 boat Six Hara
Oouchi 6 course entry is a series of torches
It is Nakajima feeling of the sixth boat
Ball 1 bonus race Kyushu sports cup championship
Most containing No. 5 No. 3 No. out from the in-course is a dosage form of the No. 4 No. 6
When man-hours Basakani series to me that So as to Come went city shaped es 1 dude now start skin
Stab This is had majored of the No. 2 boat be the best place disciple destination by 1 No. boat Kazuya
Court and Now No. 2 No. 5 after the No. 2 feed that has been flowing
As for the elder brother's body, one word polite umbrella is already top lead in development of two battles
Person of the second plus A is under the in-course No. 5 boat
When the 2nd boat comes to the outside, then the 4th boat, 6 waves, is translated into one arrow outside
Start Under path of world 55 star become a base child was the premise normal No. 1 boat umbrella pop your
I changed the bank
No. 4 No. 3 course movie-life construction of the No. 2 boat containing the results and Mirare beneath Tteyuu No. 3 also Mr.
It is
Reference degree effect whether anxiety of in-course No. 4 boat ends in the Edo period and between No. 2 boats out
1 week into the regulation 1 week in the first bank turn No. 4 No. 3 density every 3rd No. 4 Stall
I want to do it now
No. 2 boat enoki was going to become this in the most number 5 No. 2 figure is spread the lead
Self-propelled posture No. 1 boat
Atasaka New Pickle and 2nd 5th Boat
Yutaro Shimogamo at the port of call to the third boat No. 2
The 4th tee height which understood the 2nd turn mark of the collection is Kasahara of 3 process space 4th boat and
If No. 6 boat Nagashima continues and is less, it is shifted to the final lap
Local Terataso is Shinsuke you want to a partition from the shadow of the labor
Do the top and run 3 types first and put it on Yutaro Shimogamo of No. 5 boat
After that, two players who fight sg boat race all star in this water make a piece
Was
Mr. Akasaka is also the key to Aoi- sama and the third residence to a luxury residence
It is the last tandberg spiral floor with durability to 15
Otsu points to the 18 store refrigerant to Trifecta No. 1
qc Sports Cup Championship Round 12
The most red of theft won Dovo stomach 2 wearing the No. 5 City Gojo 3 pieces No. 2 Eroki
And third effect 4-size BunHara sixth Nakajima reblogged ball
We will notify you of the conclusion of the 12th race
Immediately after the first production to the first edition version production
Is No. 2 or more
Shunsuke Akasaka players who won will be announced to customers will make the winning run
Thank you very much for the fans 5000 who have appeared immediately
6 day long run series of informative race
It is the Golden Week strategy Kyushu Sports Cup superb victory match
In the water spring quick attack
Toshiya Akasaka, who won the final title, is the first boat
Currently a joyous winning run is taking place
The local victory will be the local 1,000 yen par following the 7th New Year series this time
Was
Also, this is the third victory since winning the Tama River this February
In total, it is a winning run to decorate the 23rd victory call-in
Come on sg Four Torres All-Star that finally we have been approaching after first day
Becomes very Was Nagasaki s Shunsuke Akasaka last week and its active fun
The series is now a grand victory with 11 wins and 9 wins
May 1, boat race Omura that we have to send it over the name day on Friday
Golden Week Special Race Kyushu Sports Cup
Last 3 Goto Seiji's was a local ace Shunsuke Akasaka No. 1 boat
It has been won in response to the pre-war popularity
Come on hot you I received your expectations to everyone like he consider the next sg All-Star all means
I would like to get support
Also under the winning run also Thank you very much I received your support of everyone plenty
The winners' commendation ceremony will also be held at the event hall after this .
Honjo
Carry you for coming everyone like chopsticks to